renamed sdk package (#3445)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/core/docker_walkthrough.rst

> :desc: Setup open source Rasa with Docker in your own infrastructure for on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:desc: Set up open source Rasa with Docker in your own infrastructure for on
```
